In our last lecture, we saw how the execution of the evaluation has resulted into very, very less
score on all the evaluation of the ragas.
So we are going to do this.
We are going to not use this particular LM, which is the Lambda 3.1 70 billion parameter.
This time.
Rather, I'm just going to probably just leave this guy as it is and I'm going to run from the open
I this time.
So in order to use the open I you can see that we can just use this uh lang chain open I import chat
open I and then we can use the, uh, lang chain LM wrapper as chat open I and the model that we can
specify over here.
So I'm going to just do the exact same thing this time to see how it's going to improve the performance
of our execution.
So for doing that I'm going to go all the way to the execution that we were doing before.
And over here I'm just going to import the chat open.
I and we also need to use the, um, the open I embedding.
But I think the open I embedding is not required because the one that we have is fine.
We can just leave it as it is.
So I'm going to use this evaluator this time.
The evaluator from the, uh, LM, which is the OpenAI LM.
And once again, we need to set the, uh, OpenAI uh, key.
And I have already set it in my env file.
So I'm just going to use that guy over here.
So this is the evaluator that we are going to be using, which is the, uh, evaluator, uh, open AI.
Uh, LM so maybe open AI, lm like this one.
So I'm going to replace the evaluation LM to OpenAI LM over here.
I'm also going to include the answer relevance this time because we're going to use the OpenAI LM.
So we'll see if the answer relevance work as well.
Right.
So all these things I have set over here, we don't need this evaluator.
So I'm gonna get rid of that.
I'm going to save it.
And because I'm going to be loading the env file one more time, I'm going to restart everything, uh,
from the scratch and let me run one by one the blocks.
So this block we do require, uh, We also require the embedding.
So I'm going to use that embedding.
And I'm also going to load the document in the vector store one more time.
And I'm going to set the retriever.
So let's run.
Let's run the retriever as well.
And we're going to create the multi shot sample data set for ragas.
And it's going to take a bit of a time and let's that to complete over here.
All right.
And now we're just going to go all the way to the ragas evaluation.
And finally we're going to do this evaluation with chat OpenAI and GPT four auto model.
So for executing this one you can see that you need to have the GPT, uh, the OpenAI API key access.
So if you don't really have the OpenAI key access, then you can't execute like how I'm doing at the
moment.
And because we are using the OpenAI key, look at that so fast.
The execution is like it's all cloud based and it's so fast.
And I really think that this could be the way forward to go with instead of using the local LM, at
least for the ragas metric evaluation because it looks like the ragas is fine tuned or optimized for
the GPT four model, rather the local LM.
So let's just wait and see the result.
Like what result that we are going to get out from this particular evaluation.
So it's 89 percentage and we're going to complete 93 percentage.
There we go.
And you can see that there is no time out whatsoever.
Because if we were running the local machine we had a lot of timeouts.
But this time we got zero time out there, which is amazing.
So it's just working pretty much as expected.
Look at the faithfulness.
The recall is 0.85.
Faithfulness is 0.57, factual is 0.5729 as well.
And relevance is look at that.
So correct 0.9794.
So this proves the point that with local LM, maybe we have got the latency issue and the model is not
going to perform pretty well.
So the evaluator is just not going to work pretty fine.
But if we use the OpenAI LM it is just going to work fine as expected.
So if he goes to the, uh, to the lamb-smith over here, uh, which is this one?
As you can see, you can see that we have used 76,000 open token.
I think I'm going to lose a lot of money there.
Uh, and you can see the chat open.
AI is being used, uh, which is going to use the GPT four model, as you can see here.
And none of them has got failed.
All of these execution has got passed.
So this all evaluation, you can see it from here, which is looking pretty cool.
So this is the result that we actually get by using the OpenAI's LLM.
And one more thing that we can do is we can just see the result and we can change it to pandas.
Uh, and if we try to print this, um, this response over here, you can see that this is a user input
and this is the retrieved context.
This is the response and this is the reference.
And look at that.
The recall is 1.1 which means it is correct.
And faithfulness is one which is amazing.
And the factual is one as well.
And the relevance is one.
So based on this user input, this response it looks correct.
And what has gone wrong.
So if you just go here and see like why the response has gone wrong here, what is the Cyprus and how
it is different then it is actually looking like?
The response which has got from the retrieved context is not matching to the Cyprus related, but it
is giving you the selenium WebDriver related.
And that's the reason why the context recall has got zero and the faithfulness is 0.076, which is quite
less.
And also factual correctness is also less.
But answer relevance is bit straightforward because it is talking about automation anyways.
So that is why it is uh, it is making that way.
And look at this one, the playwright and this, this is the answer.
Relevance.
So it's all looking correct.
So you get all these things over here.
So this shows the point that we can run the ragas uh, in the open AI.
And this is going to be very, very fast.
And we can verify the faithfulness factual correctness.
Uh answer relevance and context.
Recall everything using ragas without any problem.
And it is also much, much faster way of running it.